1436790/1438462: Part 5: 20 files with MSDN link fixes. (#10259)
dotnet/docs: includes/migration-guide/runtime/asp/httprequestcontentencoding-property-prohibits-utf7.md

|   |   |
|---|---|
|Details|Beginning in .NET Framework 4.5, UTF-7 encoding is prohibited in <xref:System.Web.HttpRequest?displayProperty=name>s' bodies. Data for applications that depend on incoming UTF-7 data will not decode properly in some cases.|

> |Suggestion|Ideally, applications should be updated to not use UTF-7 encoding in <xref:System.Web.HttpRequest?displayProperty=name>s. Alternatively, legacy behavior can be restored by using the <code>aspnet:AllowUtf7RequestContentEncoding</code> attribute of the [appSettings](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/aspnet/hh975440(v=vs.110)) element.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Suggestion|Ideally, applications should be updated to not use UTF-7 encoding in <xref:System.Web.HttpRequest?displayProperty=name>s. Alternatively, legacy behavior can be restored by using the <code>aspnet:AllowUtf7RequestContentEncoding</code> attribute of the [appSettings](~/docs/framework/configure-apps/file-schema/appsettings/appsettings-element-for-configuration.md) element.|
```
